com/facebook/login/GetTokenClient.java
 com.facebook.login.GetTokenClient
com/facebook/internal/CallbackManagerImpl.java
 com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl
 com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$Callback
 com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset
com/facebook/GraphRequestBatch.java
 com.facebook.GraphRequestBatch
 com.facebook.GraphRequestBatch$Callback
 com.facebook.GraphRequestBatch$OnProgressCallback
com/facebook/internal/DialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.internal.DialogFeature
com/facebook/login/LoginBehavior.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior
com/facebook/login/LoginMethodHandler.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginMethodHandler
com/facebook/internal/ImageResponse.java
 com.facebook.internal.ImageResponse
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog$NativeHandler
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog$NativeHandler$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog$Result
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialog$WebFallbackHandler
com/facebook/LoggingBehavior.java
 com.facebook.LoggingBehavior
com/facebook/FacebookCallback.java
 com.facebook.FacebookCallback
com/facebook/share/model/SharePhoto.java
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhoto
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhoto$1
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhoto$Builder
com/facebook/share/widget/SendButton.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.SendButton
 com.facebook.share.widget.SendButton$1
com/facebook/messenger/ShareToMessengerParamsBuilder.java
 com.facebook.messenger.ShareToMessengerParamsBuilder
com/facebook/share/model/ShareOpenGraphValueContainer.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphValueContainer
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphValueContainer$Builder
com/facebook/share/widget/AppInviteDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$2
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$NativeHandler
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$NativeHandler$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$Result
 com.facebook.share.widget.AppInviteDialog$WebFallbackHandler
com/facebook/share/model/AppGroupCreationContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent
 com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$AppGroupPrivacy
 com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$Builder
com/facebook/FacebookAuthorizationException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookAuthorizationException
com/facebook/internal/FacebookDialogBase.java
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogBase
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogBase$ModeHandler
com/facebook/internal/Mutable.java
 com.facebook.internal.Mutable
com/facebook/AccessTokenSource.java
 com.facebook.AccessTokenSource
com/facebook/share/widget/JoinAppGroupDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.JoinAppGroupDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.JoinAppGroupDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.JoinAppGroupDialog$2
 com.facebook.share.widget.JoinAppGroupDialog$Result
 com.facebook.share.widget.JoinAppGroupDialog$WebHandler
com/facebook/internal/Logger.java
 com.facebook.internal.Logger
com/facebook/AccessToken.java
 com.facebook.AccessToken
 com.facebook.AccessToken$1
 com.facebook.AccessToken$2
 com.facebook.AccessToken$AccessTokenCreationCallback
com/facebook/LegacyTokenHelper.java
 com.facebook.LegacyTokenHelper
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeStatusClient.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeStatusClient
com/facebook/internal/PermissionType.java
 com.facebook.internal.PermissionType
com/facebook/internal/GraphUtil.java
 com.facebook.internal.GraphUtil
com/facebook/share/model/ShareContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareContent
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareContent$Builder
com/facebook/internal/Validate.java
 com.facebook.internal.Validate
com/facebook/messenger/MessengerUtils.java
 com.facebook.messenger.MessengerUtils
com/facebook/login/DefaultAudience.java
 com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience
com/facebook/ProfileTracker.java
 com.facebook.ProfileTracker
 com.facebook.ProfileTracker$1
 com.facebook.ProfileTracker$ProfileBroadcastReceiver
com/facebook/FacebookDialogException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookDialogException
com/facebook/share/widget/ShareDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$FeedHandler
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$Mode
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$NativeHandler
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$NativeHandler$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$WebShareHandler
com/facebook/internal/FacebookDialogFragment.java
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment$1
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment$2
com/facebook/internal/WebDialog.java
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$1
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$2
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$3
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$4
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$Builder
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$DialogWebViewClient
 com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$OnCompleteListener
com/facebook/login/widget/LoginButton.java
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$1
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$1$1
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$2
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$3
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$LoginButtonProperties
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$LoginClickListener
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$LoginClickListener$1
 com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode
com/facebook/internal/AppEventsLoggerUtility.java
 com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility
 com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$1
 com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType
com/facebook/share/widget/ShareButtonBase.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButtonBase
com/facebook/internal/FileLruCache.java
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$1
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$2
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$3
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$BufferFile
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$BufferFile$1
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$BufferFile$2
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$CloseCallbackOutputStream
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$CopyingInputStream
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$Limits
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$ModifiedFile
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$StreamCloseCallback
 com.facebook.internal.FileLruCache$StreamHeader
com/facebook/FacebookDialog.java
 com.facebook.FacebookDialog
com/facebook/internal/AttributionIdentifiers.java
 com.facebook.internal.AttributionIdentifiers
com/facebook/internal/ServerProtocol.java
 com.facebook.internal.ServerProtocol
com/facebook/login/GetTokenLoginMethodHandler.java
 com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler
 com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler$1
 com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler$2
 com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler$3
com/facebook/internal/ImageRequest.java
 com.facebook.internal.ImageRequest
 com.facebook.internal.ImageRequest$1
 com.facebook.internal.ImageRequest$Builder
 com.facebook.internal.ImageRequest$Callback
com/facebook/share/model/AppInviteContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.AppInviteContent
 com.facebook.share.model.AppInviteContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.AppInviteContent$Builder
com/facebook/internal/LoginAuthorizationType.java
 com.facebook.internal.LoginAuthorizationType
com/facebook/login/LoginLogger.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginLogger
com/facebook/appevents/AppEventsLogger.java
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$1
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$2
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$3
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$4
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$5
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$6
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$7
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$AccessTokenAppIdPair
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$AccessTokenAppIdPair$SerializationProxyV1
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$AppEvent
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$AppEvent$SerializationProxyV1
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushReason
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushResult
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushStatistics
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$PersistedAppSessionInfo
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$PersistedAppSessionInfo$1
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$PersistedEvents
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$SessionEventsState
com/facebook/share/ShareBuilder.java
 com.facebook.share.ShareBuilder
com/facebook/share/widget/GameRequestDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.GameRequestDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.GameRequestDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.GameRequestDialog$2
 com.facebook.share.widget.GameRequestDialog$Result
 com.facebook.share.widget.GameRequestDialog$WebHandler
com/facebook/share/model/ShareVideoContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideoContent
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideoContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideoContent$Builder
com/facebook/share/widget/ShareButton.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButton
 com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButton$1
com/facebook/applinks/AppLinkData.java
 com.facebook.applinks.AppLinkData
 com.facebook.applinks.AppLinkData$1
 com.facebook.applinks.AppLinkData$CompletionHandler
com/facebook/AccessTokenCache.java
 com.facebook.AccessTokenCache
 com.facebook.AccessTokenCache$SharedPreferencesTokenCachingStrategyFactory
com/facebook/FacebookGraphResponseException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookGraphResponseException
com/facebook/internal/WorkQueue.java
 com.facebook.internal.WorkQueue
 com.facebook.internal.WorkQueue$1
 com.facebook.internal.WorkQueue$WorkItem
 com.facebook.internal.WorkQueue$WorkNode
com/facebook/internal/JsonUtil.java
 com.facebook.internal.JsonUtil
 com.facebook.internal.JsonUtil$JSONObjectEntry
com/facebook/share/internal/WebDialogParameters.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.WebDialogParameters
com/facebook/internal/AppCall.java
 com.facebook.internal.AppCall
com/facebook/FacebookOperationCanceledException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookOperationCanceledException
com/facebook/GraphRequestAsyncTask.java
 com.facebook.GraphRequestAsyncTask
com/facebook/internal/BundleJSONConverter.java
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$1
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$2
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$3
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$4
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$5
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$6
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$7
 com.facebook.internal.BundleJSONConverter$Setter
com/facebook/login/LoginManager.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager$1
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager$2
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager$3
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager$ActivityStartActivityDelegate
 com.facebook.login.LoginManager$FragmentStartActivityDelegate
com/facebook/login/StartActivityDelegate.java
 com.facebook.login.StartActivityDelegate
com/facebook/internal/DialogPresenter.java
 com.facebook.internal.DialogPresenter
 com.facebook.internal.DialogPresenter$ParameterProvider
com/facebook/share/model/ShareOpenGraphContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphContent
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphContent$Builder
com/facebook/TestUserManager.java
 com.facebook.TestUserManager
 com.facebook.TestUserManager$Mode
com/facebook/RequestOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.RequestOutputStream
com/facebook/share/widget/MessageDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.MessageDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.MessageDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.MessageDialog$NativeHandler
 com.facebook.share.widget.MessageDialog$NativeHandler$1
com/facebook/internal/FacebookWebFallbackDialog.java
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookWebFallbackDialog
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookWebFallbackDialog$1
com/facebook/internal/FacebookRequestErrorClassification.java
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookRequestErrorClassification
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookRequestErrorClassification$1
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookRequestErrorClassification$2
 com.facebook.internal.FacebookRequestErrorClassification$3
com/facebook/share/model/SharePhotoContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhotoContent
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhotoContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.SharePhotoContent$Builder
com/facebook/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.BuildConfig
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeContent.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeContent
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeContent$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeContent$Builder
com/facebook/share/internal/MessageDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.MessageDialogFeature
com/facebook/FacebookRequestError.java
 com.facebook.FacebookRequestError
 com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$1
 com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category
 com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Range
com/facebook/share/model/GameRequestContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent
 com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$ActionType
 com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Builder
 com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Filters
com/facebook/share/internal/ShareContentValidation.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareContentValidation
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareContentValidation$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareContentValidation$ApiValidator
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareContentValidation$Validator
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareContentValidation$WebShareValidator
com/facebook/share/model/ShareVideo.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideo
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideo$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideo$Builder
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialogFeature
com/facebook/internal/NativeAppCallAttachmentStore.java
 com.facebook.internal.NativeAppCallAttachmentStore
 com.facebook.internal.NativeAppCallAttachmentStore$1
 com.facebook.internal.NativeAppCallAttachmentStore$Attachment
com/facebook/FacebookSdkVersion.java
 com.facebook.FacebookSdkVersion
com/facebook/FacebookServiceException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookServiceException
com/facebook/ProgressNoopOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.ProgressNoopOutputStream
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeBoxCountView.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition
com/facebook/share/internal/AppInviteDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.AppInviteDialogFeature
com/facebook/login/KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler.java
 com.facebook.login.KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler
 com.facebook.login.KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler$1
com/facebook/login/LoginClient.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$1
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$BackgroundProcessingListener
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$OnCompletedListener
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$PermissionsPair
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Request
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Request$1
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$1
 com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code
com/facebook/messenger/MessengerThreadParams.java
 com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams
 com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams$Origin
com/facebook/share/internal/LegacyNativeDialogParameters.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LegacyNativeDialogParameters
com/facebook/applinks/FacebookAppLinkResolver.java
 com.facebook.applinks.FacebookAppLinkResolver
 com.facebook.applinks.FacebookAppLinkResolver$1
 com.facebook.applinks.FacebookAppLinkResolver$2
com/facebook/FacebookSdk.java
 com.facebook.FacebookSdk
 com.facebook.FacebookSdk$1
 com.facebook.FacebookSdk$2
 com.facebook.FacebookSdk$3
com/facebook/share/internal/ShareDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareDialogFeature
com/facebook/internal/ProfileInformationCache.java
 com.facebook.internal.ProfileInformationCache
com/facebook/internal/package-info.java
 com.facebook.internal.package-info
com/facebook/share/Sharer.java
 com.facebook.share.Sharer
 com.facebook.share.Sharer$Result
com/facebook/share/model/ShareModelBuilder.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareModelBuilder
com/facebook/login/LoginFragment.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginFragment
 com.facebook.login.LoginFragment$1
 com.facebook.login.LoginFragment$2
com/facebook/internal/ImageDownloader.java
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader$1
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader$CacheReadWorkItem
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader$DownloadImageWorkItem
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader$DownloaderContext
 com.facebook.internal.ImageDownloader$RequestKey
com/facebook/share/internal/ShareInternalUtility.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$2
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$3
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$4
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$5
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$6
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareInternalUtility$7
com/facebook/internal/ImageResponseCache.java
 com.facebook.internal.ImageResponseCache
 com.facebook.internal.ImageResponseCache$BufferedHttpInputStream
com/facebook/share/internal/NativeDialogParameters.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.NativeDialogParameters
com/facebook/share/internal/OpenGraphJSONUtility.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphJSONUtility
 com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphJSONUtility$PhotoJSONProcessor
com/facebook/HttpMethod.java
 com.facebook.HttpMethod
com/facebook/RequestProgress.java
 com.facebook.RequestProgress
 com.facebook.RequestProgress$1
com/facebook/CallbackManager.java
 com.facebook.CallbackManager
 com.facebook.CallbackManager$Factory
com/facebook/FacebookButtonBase.java
 com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase
 com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase$1
com/facebook/FacebookException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookException
com/facebook/AccessTokenTracker.java
 com.facebook.AccessTokenTracker
 com.facebook.AccessTokenTracker$1
 com.facebook.AccessTokenTracker$CurrentAccessTokenBroadcastReceiver
com/facebook/ProgressOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.ProgressOutputStream
 com.facebook.ProgressOutputStream$1
com/facebook/share/internal/ShareConstants.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.ShareConstants
com/facebook/internal/NativeProtocol.java
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol$1
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol$KatanaAppInfo
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol$MessengerAppInfo
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol$NativeAppInfo
 com.facebook.internal.NativeProtocol$WakizashiAppInfo
com/facebook/GraphResponse.java
 com.facebook.GraphResponse
 com.facebook.GraphResponse$PagingDirection
com/facebook/login/widget/ProfilePictureView.java
 com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView
 com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView$1
 com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView$OnErrorListener
com/facebook/share/widget/CreateAppGroupDialog.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.CreateAppGroupDialog
 com.facebook.share.widget.CreateAppGroupDialog$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.CreateAppGroupDialog$2
 com.facebook.share.widget.CreateAppGroupDialog$Result
 com.facebook.share.widget.CreateAppGroupDialog$WebHandler
com/facebook/share/internal/VideoUploader.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$FinishUploadWorkItem
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$FinishUploadWorkItem$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$StartUploadWorkItem
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$StartUploadWorkItem$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$TransferChunkWorkItem
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$TransferChunkWorkItem$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$UploadContext
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$UploadWorkItemBase
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$UploadWorkItemBase$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.VideoUploader$UploadWorkItemBase$2
com/facebook/share/model/ShareOpenGraphAction.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphAction
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphAction$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphAction$Builder
com/facebook/FacebookActivity.java
 com.facebook.FacebookActivity
com/facebook/login/LoginResult.java
 com.facebook.login.LoginResult
com/facebook/login/widget/ToolTipPopup.java
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$1
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$2
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$3
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$PopupContentView
 com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style
com/facebook/FacebookBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.facebook.FacebookBroadcastReceiver
com/facebook/share/internal/GameRequestValidation.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.GameRequestValidation
com/facebook/internal/CollectionMapper.java
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$1
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$2
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$Collection
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$OnErrorListener
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$OnMapValueCompleteListener
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$OnMapperCompleteListener
 com.facebook.internal.CollectionMapper$ValueMapper
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeButton.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeButton
com/facebook/share/internal/ResultProcessor.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.ResultProcessor
com/facebook/messenger/ShareToMessengerParams.java
 com.facebook.messenger.ShareToMessengerParams
com/facebook/login/WebViewLoginMethodHandler.java
 com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler
 com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler$1
 com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler$2
 com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler$AuthDialogBuilder
com/facebook/share/internal/LikeActionController.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$10
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$11
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$2
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$3
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$4
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$5
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$6
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$7
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$7$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$8
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$9
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$9$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$AbstractRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$AbstractRequestWrapper$1
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$CreateLikeActionControllerWorkItem
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$CreationCallback
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$GetEngagementRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$GetOGObjectIdRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$GetOGObjectLikesRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$GetPageIdRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$MRUCacheWorkItem
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$PublishLikeRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$PublishUnlikeRequestWrapper
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$RequestCompletionCallback
 com.facebook.share.internal.LikeActionController$SerializeToDiskWorkItem
com/facebook/internal/BoltsMeasurementEventListener.java
 com.facebook.internal.BoltsMeasurementEventListener
com/facebook/share/internal/OpenGraphActionDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphActionDialogFeature
com/facebook/internal/AnalyticsEvents.java
 com.facebook.internal.AnalyticsEvents
com/facebook/internal/PlatformServiceClient.java
 com.facebook.internal.PlatformServiceClient
 com.facebook.internal.PlatformServiceClient$1
 com.facebook.internal.PlatformServiceClient$CompletedListener
com/facebook/share/model/ShareModel.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareModel
com/facebook/share/model/ShareOpenGraphObject.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphObject
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphObject$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphObject$Builder
com/facebook/internal/UrlRedirectCache.java
 com.facebook.internal.UrlRedirectCache
com/facebook/share/widget/LikeView.java
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$1
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$2
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$LikeActionControllerCreationCallback
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$LikeControllerBroadcastReceiver
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$ObjectType
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$OnErrorListener
 com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style
com/facebook/appevents/FacebookTimeSpentData.java
 com.facebook.appevents.FacebookTimeSpentData
 com.facebook.appevents.FacebookTimeSpentData$1
 com.facebook.appevents.FacebookTimeSpentData$SerializationProxyV1
 com.facebook.appevents.FacebookTimeSpentData$SerializationProxyV2
com/facebook/internal/Utility.java
 com.facebook.internal.Utility
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$1
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$2
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$DialogFeatureConfig
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$FetchedAppSettings
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$GraphMeRequestWithCacheCallback
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$Mapper
 com.facebook.internal.Utility$Predicate
com/facebook/FacebookSdkNotInitializedException.java
 com.facebook.FacebookSdkNotInitializedException
com/facebook/ProfileCache.java
 com.facebook.ProfileCache
com/facebook/Profile.java
 com.facebook.Profile
 com.facebook.Profile$1
 com.facebook.Profile$2
com/facebook/appevents/AppEventsConstants.java
 com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsConstants
com/facebook/ProfileManager.java
 com.facebook.ProfileManager
com/facebook/AccessTokenManager.java
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager$1
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager$2
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager$3
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager$4
 com.facebook.AccessTokenManager$RefreshResult
com/facebook/GraphRequest.java
 com.facebook.GraphRequest
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$1
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$2
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$3
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$4
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$5
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$6
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$Attachment
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$Callback
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$GraphJSONArrayCallback
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$GraphJSONObjectCallback
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$KeyValueSerializer
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$OnProgressCallback
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$ParcelableResourceWithMimeType
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$ParcelableResourceWithMimeType$1
 com.facebook.GraphRequest$Serializer
com/facebook/share/model/ShareLinkContent.java
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareLinkContent
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareLinkContent$1
 com.facebook.share.model.ShareLinkContent$Builder
com/facebook/share/internal/OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature.java
 com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature
com/facebook/share/ShareApi.java
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$1
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$10
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$11
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$12
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$2
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$3
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$4
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$5
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$5$1
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$6
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$7
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$8
 com.facebook.share.ShareApi$9
com/facebook/FacebookContentProvider.java
 com.facebook.FacebookContentProvider
